## <u><center> DIRECTIVES </u></center>

1. A directive is a special token that tells Vue what to do with a certain DOM element. In Vue.js, directives are in the form of HTML attributes that are prefixed to an HTML element. The purpose of a directive is to bind the HTML element to the Vue instance assets which lets Vue change that element in the DOM in case the assets on which that element depends upon are updated. These assets include data, methods, and other elements in the Vue instance. The general directive syntax is shown below:
```js
<element
  prefix-directiveId="[argument:] expression [| filters...]">
</element>
```


#### <u><center> V - PREFIX </u></center>

1. All Vue directives are special attributes that are prefixed with a v-. These attributes are expected to be a single JavaScript expression. The v- prefix is followed by the directiveId. 

The directive ID’s include `if`, `on`, `ref`, `show`, `pre`, `bind`, `for`, `model`, `slot`, `once` , `memo`, `cloak` and `html`. 

##### <u><center>note: </u></center> 
1. `if` : use for if, else condition
2. `on` : used for event handling, e.g., `v-on:click ==> @click`
3. `show` :  another option for conditionally displaying an element. the v-show element will always be in the dom . only toggles the display css property
4. `pre` : Inside the element with `v-pre`, all Vue template syntax will be preserved and rendered as-is. The most common use case of this is displaying raw mustache tags.
```js
  <span v-pre>{{ this will not be compiled }}</span>
```
5. `html` : is used to add raw html , similar to dangerouslySetInnerHtml in react


By combining the `v-` prefix with the directive ID’s, it makes complete directives such as v-if, and v-html etc. An executable example of directives in action is shown below:
```js
new Vue({
  el: '#app',
  template:
  `<div>
    <h1>Vue.js Application</h1>
    <p v-if="visible"> I am visible because the visible variable is true! </p>
  </div>
  `,
  data: {
      visible: true
  }
})
```


#### <u><center> FILTER </u></center>
1. The filters are attributes in Vue that help with text formatting. 
2. It is usually used along with `v-bind` and `{{}}` interpolation.
3. Its syntax is that it is placed after a pipe symbol `(|)` at the end of the JavaScript expression.
4. The filter takes an argument that it has to format, which is typically the text.
5. The expression preceding a `|` is passed to the filter as an argument. 
6. e.g. provided in `./directive_basic.html`


#### <u><center> CUSTOM DIRECTIVES </u></center>
1. Vue.js allows you to define your own directives as well!
2. These prove useful when performing a certain type of formatting or enabling a certain behavior that is frequent in the application. 
3. The following is the syntax that defines a custom directive:
```js
Vue.directive('nameofthedirective', {
   bind(element, binding, v_node) {
     // do something
   }
})
```
4. nameofthedirective can be named anything you want for your directive.
5. Notice the bind function, the element, binding and v_node arguments. The bind function is the part of the directive that performs the processing for the directive. It takes the above mentioned three arguments. ==> element, binding, v_node 

    5.1. `element` :: It is the element on which the modification is to be done.

    5.2. `binding` :: binding are all the arguments that will be passed to the custom directive. For example, if the argument color:green is passed like this myDirective = "{color:’green’}", then the binding will contain the properties binding.value.color (which is equal to green).

    5.3. `v_node` :: The VNode is the abbreviation of “Virtual Node” in Vue. The Vue’s virtual DOM is the tree that comprises “VNodes”. This is also passed to the bind function so it can access the element’s virtual node.