1. When a Vue instance passes through its lifecycle, it offers some functions that are executed at every transitional step in the lifecycle so that certain tasks can be performed during these stages. These functions are called “lifecycle hooks”.

2. There are a total of eight lifecycle hooks. There are two hooks for each lifecycle stage as shown below:

    2.1 Creation hooks
         > beforeCreate
         > created
    2.2 Mounting hooks
         > beforeMount
         > mounted
    2.3 Updating hooks
         > beforeUpdate
         > updated
    2.4 Destruction hooks
         > beforeDestroy
         > destroyed

3. CREATION HOOKS : ------------

    3.1. beforeCreate : The beforeCreate hook runs at the initialization of your component. data has not been made reactive and events have not been set up yet.

    3.2. created : This allows access to reactive data and events that are active with the created hook. Templates and virtual DOM have not yet been mounted or rendered.

4. MOUNTING HOOKS : ------------

    4.1. beforeMount : The beforeMount hook runs right before the initial render happens and after the template or render functions have been compiled.

    4.2. mounted : In the mounted hook, there is full access available to the reactive component, templates, and rendered DOM (via this.＄el).

5. UPDATING HOOKS : -----------

    5.1. beforeUpdate : This hook runs after data changes on the component and the update cycle begins. This is before the DOM is patched and re-rendered. Use beforeUpdate if you need to obtain the new state of any reactive data on your component before it actually becomes rendered.

    5.2. updated : The updated hook runs after data changes on your component and the DOM re-renders. 

6. DELETING HOOKS : -----------

    6.1. beforeDestroy : beforeDestroy is fired before teardown. The component will still be fully present and functional. If needing to clean-up events or reactive subscriptions, use beforeDestroy. 

    6.2. destroyed : By the time the destroyed hook is reached, there is practically nothing left on the component. Everything that was attached to it has been destroyed. Use destroyed if you need any last minute clean-up or need to inform a remote server that the component was destroyed.