-------- VALUE BINDING USING = V-BIND -----------

1. Vue.js allows binding of the data variables with the input form elements instead of binding hardcoded values.
2. Dynamic value binding with user input makes the input handling more powerful and straightforward.
3. Dynamic value binding is only available for "CHECKBOXES", "RADIO BUTTONS", and "SELECTION LIST" options because they are non-descriptive types of user input elements. 
4. You can use the v-bind directive to bind the data variables to the user input elements. In this lesson, you will learn how to bind the data variables with each of the three user input elements separately.
5. Note: Shorthand for v-bind: is :. Therefore, v-bind:variable is the same as :variable.



----------- CHECKBOX - DATA BINDING ----------------

1. It is possible to bind any string to the checkbox toggle value instead of just true or false.
2. true-value and false-value are properties that are used to define custom string values in checkboxes. However, a data variable cannot be defined as a string value of a checkbox.
3. Note: The true-value and false-value attributes do not affect the input’s value attribute. This is because browsers do not include unchecked boxes in form submissions.



------------ RADIO - DATA BINDING --------------------

1. In the case of radio buttons, bind any data variable to the options rather than just the value of the option.
2.  This allows the developer to bind a meaningful data variable depending upon the selected radio option rather than just the option name. 



------------ SELECTION LIST - DATA BINDING -----------

1. The selection list data binding is similar to radio button data bindings.
2. Each option from the list can be bound to a data variable and the value of selected changes according to the option selected by the user.


IMORTANT =======>
Warning: As per the official documentation, if the initial value of the v-model expression does not match any of the options, the <select> element will render in an “unselected” state. On iOS, this will prevent the user from being able to select the first item because iOS does not fire a change event in this specific case. Therefore, it is recommended to provide a disabled option with an empty value.









