--------- EVENT MODIFIERS ---------

 ====== ISSUE===>
1. Front-end frameworks like Vue.js provide the functionality of handling events in their own way. But they often clash or overlap with the browser’s default behavior.
2. For example, when clicking on a link defined using the <a> tag, the browser will load the link in the current window automatically. When you define your own event listener on the <a> element, the bound function is executed followed by the browser’s default action. This is a nuisance usually and needs to be stopped. This behavior is demonstrated in the application in event_modifieres.html.
3. In the example given in event_modifiers.html file under ///ISSUE///, 
observe that clicking on the “OK” button in the alert box makes it go away but the link is also loaded afterward. The function clicked that was defined in the methods is executed but the browser also performed the default action (loading the link address).


 ======= SOLUTION TO THE ISSUE ====> (MODIFIERS)
 1. Modifying the default events
 2. To stop the browser default trigger, we use event modifiers.
 3. These event modifiers add additional functionality to the event handlers such as preventing the default browser action or stopping the event from bubbling up in the DOM.
 4. The following are the event modifiers for v-on directive. : ---
        4.1. > .prevent
        4.2. > .stop
        4.3. > .capture
        4.4. > .self
        4.5. > .once
        4.6. > .passive
 5. syntax :==> 
 ```js
 <a v-on:click.prevent="clicked" href="https://www.w3.org/">
 ```
 6. .prevent ==> prevents the default behavior of the browser when an element is clicked. It only allows the user-defined function to execute in response to the event.
 



