----------- INPUT MODIFIERS -----------

1. Like the event modifiers, Vue.js also offers input modifiers. The input modifiers allow formatting the user input or modifying the events triggered by the user input. The input modifiers are used with the v-model directive.
2. There are three popular input modifiers listed below.
        2.1 > .trim
        2.2 > .number
        2.3 > .lazy

3. .trim ==> is an input modifier that is used to remove whitespace from the start and end of the user input. The input will be trimmed and it will remain from the first non-space letter to the last non-space letter. 

4. .number ==> modifier casts the input to the integer type. Without using .number, the value will be considered as a string even if it is initialized as an integer in the data. 

5. .lazy ==> v-model directive updates the data variable attached to every keystroke. Sometimes, you only want the variable to update when the user has completed the typing. The .lazy modifier used with the v-model performs the same action. It does not trigger the variable update on each keystroke but it waits for the change event to trigger before updating the variable. For the <input> element, the change event triggers when the user moves the focus to another element by clicking somewhere else than the textbox. Run the application provided below to observe how the .lazy modifier works.

6. ======= Chaining input modifiers ==========

    6.1. > Like the event modifiers, input modifiers can also be chained together so that the functionality of all the chained modifiers can be utilized together for a single input element.

    6.2. > For example, if you want to trim the starting and ending whitespaces as well as lazy updates place both modifiers with the v-model directive as follows.

    6.3. > 
    ```js
    <input v-model.trim.lazy="name" placeholder="Write name here..."  >
    ```

    6.4. > Remember: The order of chaining matters. It is important to keep track of what modifiers should run earlier than the others.