## <u><center> SYNCING CHILD COMPNENTS WITH PARENT </u></center>

#### <u><center> SYNCHING CHILD COMPONENTS USING V-MODEL </u></center>

1. The `v-model` that is used to sync textbox input with a bound variable can also be used to sync data from child components. 
2. In fact, the `v-model` binds the value with the variable provided and emits the input event with the updated value internally. 
3. The `<input>` element internally possesses these bindings as shown below in the snippet below.
4. 
```js
<input
  v-bind:value="text"
  v-on:input="text = $event.target.value"
>
<!-- Where variable 'text' is tied to 'v-model' directive in the parent component -->
```

5. When applying these bindings to the custom child components, the `v-model` works for them too! 
6. To accomplish this, emit the input event explicitly.


#### <u><center> sync: using UPDATE: prop name </u></center>
1. Alternatively, to keep the custom_input component simple, emit the event using the `update:propName` pattern.
2. The parent component can listen for the `update:propName` event and set the value of the bound variable to the value returned by the custom event.



#### <u><center> Syncing child components using .sync </u></center>
1. Vue.js also provided a shorthand for sending props using v-bind. 
2. It also provided a shorthand for updating the bound variables when an `:update` event is emitted by the child component.
3. Simply use the .sync modifier with v-bind: while sending props. It will automatically keep the bound variable in sync when the `:update` event is emitted by the child component. 
4. In other words, you do not have to explicitly listen for the `:update` event and set the event value to the bound variable. The .sync modifier accomplishes this job for us.