## <u><center>SLOT</center></u>

1. To send data to child components we can make use of PROPS. But there is another way by using SLOT.
2. Slots are much simpler and intuitive.
3. Slots are placeholders in the child components that are filled with the data passed to these components.
4. The data passed to the child component can be simple text, HTML, or even another component.
5. Slots follow the syntax of regular HTML elements where you pass the data between the starting and ending tags. For instance, the `<p>` tag displays whatever is passed between the `<p>` and `</p>` tags.
6. Similarly, by using slots, pass the data to the components between its starting and ending tags.
7. place the `<slot></slot>` tags where you want the content to be displayed.
8. This is a placeholder. The content will replace the `<slot></slot>` tag in the component when rendered.

```js
// <!-- When passing a <h2> heading in the <posts> as slot content -->
<posts> <h2> I am a heading </h2> </posts>


// <!-- The following post component -->
<div>
  <h3>This is a component. The content passed to slot should apear under this</h3>
  {/* <!-- These slot tags will be replaced by the content passed in the component --> */}
       <slot></slot>
  <p>This is a paragraph after slot the content in the child component</p>
</div>


// <!-- Will render like this -->
<div>
  <h3>This is a component. The content passed to slot should apear under this</h3>
  {/* <!-- These slot tags will be replaced by the content passed in the component --> */}
       <h2> I am a heading </h2> <!-- <h2> replaced <slot> -->
  <p>This is a paragraph after slot the content in the child component</p>
</div>
```

## note: 
#### In addition, components can be composed using slots by passing a whole component as slot content. Pass component `<c2>` to component `<c1>` in the following executable example by using slots.

<br />

## <marquee><u>SCOPE OF SLOT</u></marquee>
1. Slots have access to all the data variables present in the parent component and it can refer them to use the {{}} interpolation.
2. The following is an example of slot content referring to a variable from the parent component.
```js
// <!-- The template referring to the `postContent` variable -->
template:`<posts> {{postContent}} </posts>`,

// <!-- The data of parent component -->
data: {
  postContent: 'Hey everyone! I will be coming home tonight.'
}
```
3. Remember: The scope only has access to the data and methods of the parent component but it does not have access to the child component.
4.  In other words, everything in the parent template is compiled in the parent scope and everything in the child template is compiled in the child scope.

<br>

## <marquee><u>NAMED SLOTS</u></marquee>
1. It is also possible to have multiple slots for the same component. 
2. For that, assign each slot a unique name so that data can be passed by referring to the relevant slot by name.
3. Slots are named using `v-slot` directives. The following executable application shows how you can name a slot and pass data to it.