## <u><center> MIXINS </u></center>

1.  In a large scale application, different components can share similar functionality even though the components are completely different.
2. Vue.js provides a way to define the overlapping functionality (variables and methods) separately and it can be deployed in any component when needed. 
3.  This helps in remove duplicate code and makes the code cleaner and concise. These structures of shared logic are called mixins.

4. #####  DEFINITION => 
    4.1. > Mixins are defined as JavaScript objects. They contain the properties in a Vue instance such as methods, data, and computed properties.
    4.2. > The component in which you want to use the mixin needs to have a declaration of that specific mixin in the mixins properties like child components. 
    4.3. > Note: When a mixin is used in a component, the code in the mixin runs before the code in the component.

5. Mixins help reduce the redundant logic residing in multiple components.

6. For example, in a school portal application, there are two components: StudentsSummary and InstructorsSummary displaying the summary of students and teachers in the school respectively. Both of these components have a function count() that computes the total number of students and teachers in the school. The basic job of the function `count()` is to add the total number of elements in a list provided.
    6.1. > check the above exaple in 8. school_mixins.html

7. a component may have a method or data variable with same name, that is in mixin as well. Now when ever this sort of conflict takes place. the component properties will be prioritized.